This Policy is a contract of insurance issued by ADITYA BIRLA HEALTH INSURANCE CO. LIMITED. (hereinafter called the ‘We / Our / Us / Insurer / 
Company’) to the proposer mentioned in the Policy Schedule (hereinafter called the ‘You / Your / Policyholder’) to cover the person(s) named in the Policy Schedule 
(hereinafter called the ‘Insured Person/s). The Policy has been issued on the basis of the Disclosure to Information Norm, including the information provided by 
You in respect of the Insured Persons in the Proposal Form and on the statements and declaration provided by the Policyholder in the Proposal Form as well as in 
any welcome or other tele-veriﬁcation calls with the Company’s authorized person and is subject to receipt of the requisite premium in respect of the Insured 
Persons in full and its acceptance by Us, and the terms, conditions and exclusions as speciﬁed in this Policy, the Policy Schedule, and the Product Beneﬁt Table of 
this Policy.
Key Notes:
The terms listed in Section B (Deﬁnitions) and which have been used elsewhere in the Policy shall have the meaning set out against them in Section B  (Deﬁni-
tions), wherever they appear in the Policy. If a word is not speciﬁcally deﬁned in the following section, it’s common meaning will apply.
All claims under the Policy must be made in accordance with the process deﬁned under Section E.2.7 - Claims.
Annexures Summary:
 
No.                               Description
 
Annexure I        
List of Non-Medical Expenses: 
                          
List I, List II, List III and List IV: The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges / procedure charges / 
 
         
 
costs of treatment normally may be covered under this Product if Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver) is applicable to
 
 
 
 
You and mentioned in the Policy Schedule. For details of Claim Protect please refer Appendix A.
 
Annexure II       
Contact details of Insurance Ombudsman Offices
 
Annexure III      
Product Beneﬁt Table - All the beneﬁts (including optional beneﬁts) which are available under the Policy along with the respective  
 
 
 
 
limits / amounts applicable based on the Sum Insured have been summarized in the Product Beneﬁt Table
 
 
 
 
To check the applicability of these beneﬁts to You please refer the Policy Schedule.
 
         
 
(The Policy Schedule shall specify which of the speciﬁed variant’s base covers and optional covers are in force and available for
 
 
 
 
the Insured Persons under the Policy during the Policy Period)
 
Annexure IV      
Applicability Matrix of Chronic Management Program for listed 7 Chronic conditions
 
The terms deﬁned below and at other junctures in the Policy have the meanings ascribed to them wherever they appear in this Policy and, where, the context so 
requires, references to the singular include references to the plural; references to the male includes the female and references to any statutory enactment 
includes subsequent changes to the same.
B.1 – Standard Deﬁnitions
1.  
Accident: Sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means.
2.  
AYUSH Hospital: Is a healthcare facility wherein medical / surgical / para-surgical treatment procedures and interventions are carried out by AYUSH 
     
Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following:
     
a.  Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or
     
b.  Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the Central
     
 
Government / Central Council of Indian Medicine / Central Council for Homeopathy;
 
 
or
     
c.  AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with In-Patient healthcare facility of any recognized system of medicine, registered with the local 
         authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualiﬁed registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the 
         following criterion:
         i. 
Having at least 5 In-patient beds;
         ii. Having qualiﬁed A
